 There is a house on a large parcel of land, at the end of a long cobblestone road. T because the woods begin quickly. The house is surrounded by a hedge and dryscape, and has seven steps leading up to the porch where the front door is. The walls are brick, with white wooden trim framing the windows and delineating the top and bottom floors. From the outside, it looks plain and peaceful.Upon stepping inside, the first view is of two curved staircases. The bottom steps are near the middle of the house, and the arc outward toward the outside walls before coming back in to join at a landing near the rear of the house. The bottom floor is empty. There are only the thoughts and ideas that plague the peace of the open room. The staircases have darkwood banisters that join the banisters of the walkway that joins all the doors on the second floor. This walkway joins the front wall of the house on both ends and makes a U that covers all of the other walls. The front wall does not have said walkway moving across it. From the front door, looking up points you straight to the bottom of the roof. There is no flat ceiling or attic. The walkway and rooms of the upstairs create low ceilings along the walls of the bottom floor. Upstairs there are many doors, leading into rooms that are geometrically  impossible in size, though still small. The packing of the doors is uneven but consistently too tight for there to be a room on the other side. Beneath these doors shine the lights of what they contain. Yellow is insecurity, pink is lust, red is shame, I forget what purple was. The lights shine out as they call to be found. Behind these doors are empty rooms, some with windows, glowing in the color of the light with no light source. In them can be found characters that embody these feelings, these archetypes. Sometimes they are familiar people, sometimes they are beings that embody these  powers that exist in my mind. Outside of the doors are only monsters. Skinless creatures of flesh with bulging eyes and jagged protruding bones, the flood of worthless thoughts that wash over my mind at all hours of the day. They are easily shoved aside, but they come back. They get their power from the light in the rooms. To dim or change the light in the rooms I have to converse with those things in the rooms. They cannot be wiped away like the thoughts, because they are deeply seated in my psyche. They must be resolved, dealt with as though they have their own agency. Their words flow naturally out from their forms, as though from outside of my mind entirely but I don't believe they are. Not anymore. They have found their way in and made themselves at home in my head. Every day I will make time to visit them, to make amends with myself and others until I can make the house peaceful again.